README.md, before:

# Major Version Open Publication Process for GOSH NHS Trust

## Outline

This repository brings together materials supporting the open publication process at Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children. It is currently formatted as a Quarto book in order to make use of cross-references.

As detailed herein, while our process authorises open publication, it does not authorise open coding, so continued development will happen internally within GOSH, and be updated as and when new major versions of the documentation are in place.

For more information, please contact [DRESupport\@gosh.nhs.uk](mailto:DRESupport@gosh.nhs.uk).

## Licence

The documentation is [© Crown copyright][copyright] (2023) and available under the terms
of the [Open Government 3.0][ogl] licence.

[mit]: LICENCE.md
[copyright]: http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/information-management/re-using-public-sector-information/uk-government-licensing-framework/crown-copyright/
[ogl]: http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/

Commit message:

Added link to rendered webpage in README

README.md, after:

# Major Version Open Publication Process for GOSH NHS Trust

## Outline

This repository brings together materials supporting the open publication process at Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children. It is currently formatted as a Quarto book in order to make use of cross-references.

As detailed herein, while our process authorises open publication, it does not authorise open coding, so continued development will happen internally within GOSH, and be updated as and when new major versions of the documentation are in place.

Please see [the rendered site](https://gosh-dre.github.io/open-publication-policy/) for the full documentation.

For more information, please contact [DRESupport\@gosh.nhs.uk](mailto:DRESupport@gosh.nhs.uk).

## Licence

The documentation is [© Crown copyright][copyright] (2023) and available under the terms
of the [Open Government 3.0][ogl] licence.

[mit]: LICENCE.md
[copyright]: http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/information-management/re-using-public-sector-information/uk-government-licensing-framework/crown-copyright/
[ogl]: http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/
